Enhance documentation for custom recipe card analytics (#205)
miamtech/mealz-documentation: docs/web_ssr/main-features/recipe-card.md

And an example of result:
![Multiple cards in shelf](https://storage.googleapis.com/assets.miam.tech/kmm_documentation/web/explanations/multiple-cards-in-shelf.png "Multiple cards in shelf")

## Custom recipe card: recipe.show analytics {#custom-recipe-card-show-tracking}

Use this when you render **your own** recipe card UI (not the SSR `<mealz-recipe-card>` HTML) but want the **same** `recipe.show` behaviour as the native card. See [Analytics](../analytics#recipe-card) for how `recipe.show` is defined.

### Step 1 — Load the Web Components SDK

Load the WebC / SDK script so `window.mealzInternal.analytics` is available before you attach tracking. This is the same pipeline as the built-in Lit recipe card.

### Step 2 — Load the integration bundle

> The SSR API serves a small ES module that exposes `attachRecipeCardShowTracking`. Use an **absolute** URL so the browser can fetch it (and your bundler does not rewrite it):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SSR API serves a small ES module that exposes the method you will need (`attachRecipeCardShowTracking`):
```

```
GET https://MEALZ_SSR_API_URL/v2/client-scripts/recipe-card-show-tracking.js
```

Replace `MEALZ_SSR_API_URL` with the base origin the **browser** can reach (in Docker or split networking, often a public host, not only an internal service name).

> 

Reviewer: Ça sonne comme un truc que Cursor a généré car il a lu la demo, mais le client n'est pas concerné
```suggestion

```

> Load the file as an ES module, for example with dynamic `import()`. If you use Webpack or Next.js, you usually need `webpackIgnore: true` so the URL is not rewritten at build time:

Reviewer: Trop spécifique
```suggestion
Load the file as an ES module, for example with dynamic `import()`. Make sure the url is not rewritten at build time, for example if you use Webpack, you'll probably need to add `webpackIgnore: true`.
```

> 
> ```js
> const mod = await import(/* webpackIgnore: true */ scriptUrl);
> const { attachRecipeCardShowTracking } = mod;
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
const scriptUrl = 'https://MEALZ_SSR_API_URL/v2/client-scripts/recipe-card-show-tracking.js';
const mod = await import(/* webpackIgnore: true */ scriptUrl);
const { attachRecipeCardShowTracking } = mod;
```
```

### `analyticsPath` and `categoryId`

These values are forwarded to the same `recipe.show` pipeline as the native `<mealz-recipe-card>`. In Mealz analytics, **`category_id` is optional** in the event payload; when there is no category context, use an empty string.

**`analyticsPath`** — logical “page” or section for analytics (second argument to `sendEvent` for `recipe.show`). It must match the **`path`** field you would put in Mealz recipe card `starting-data` for that card if it were SSR HTML, so `recipe.show` stays consistent with `recipe.display` and other events from the same placement.

Typical values used in Mealz SSR flows include:

| Context | Example `analyticsPath` |
|--------|-------------------------|
| Shelf / product-listing recipe suggestions (batch route, etc.) | `/recipes` |
| Recipe catalog category listing | `/recipes/categories/<categoryId>` |
| Favorites | `/recipes/liked` |
| No dedicated segment | `''` (empty string) |

Use your retailer path only if that is already what you pass when opening recipe details from that slot; **consistency with your existing Mealz `path` / event traces matters more than inventing a new string per page.**

> **`categoryId`** — optional. Pass the Mealz category identifier when the card is shown in a category context (same id you use elsewhere for that category). Otherwise omit it or use `''`. The integration helper defaults both `categoryId` and `analyticsPath` to `''` when omitted.

Reviewer: c.f mon précédent commentaire, retirer tout ce paragraphe

```suggestion
```

### Step 3 — Attach one observer per card root

For each custom card container in the DOM, call:

```js
const handle = attachRecipeCardShowTracking({
  element,       // HTMLElement: root to observe (e.g. card wrapper)
  recipeId,
  analyticsPath, // same as Mealz `path` in recipe card starting-data (see above)
  categoryId,    // optional: '' when not in a category context

> });

Reviewer: Voir mon commentaire sur https://gitlab.com/miam/mealz-components/-/merge_requests/572

Pour que les clients ne fasse pas n'importe quoi, il faut leur donner le moins d'options possibles (surtout quand on sait que la lib analytics claque des erreurs dès que le path est pas bon). 

Donc pas d'analyticsPath (c.f. mon commentaire de la PR components) et pas de categoryId car ils ne sont jamais dans une category et donc ne doivent jamais le renseigner, donc autant ne pas les perturber avec trop d'infos)

```

When the node is removed (virtual lists, SPA navigation), call:

```js
handle.disconnect();
```

### Optional: `mealz:recipe-show-tracked`

> After deduplication, the tracker may dispatch a `mealz:recipe-show-tracked` `CustomEvent` on `window`. You can use it for demos or extra UI; **production** integrations usually rely on `recipe.show` via `mealzInternal.analytics` only.

Reviewer: Je ne comprends pas cette partie, donc j'ai encore plus de doute pour le client. Quelle est l'utilité pour nous, l'utilité pour le client et pourquoi c'est nécessaire de le mentionner dans la doc ?

(c.f https://gitlab.com/miam/mealz-components/-/merge_requests/572#note_3360045147 )

### Operational notes

- **API version**: Use the **`v2`** segment in the script path if your integration targets API v2. It must match the API version you use for other SSR routes.
- **CORS**: If the script is loaded from another origin than your retailer site, the SSR API must allow your origin for this `GET` according to its CORS configuration.
- Redirect or CDN behaviour for this route is handled on the Mealz SSR stack; clients only need the correct versioned URL.

> 

Reviewer: Toutes ces notes me semblent s'appliquer à toutes les routes de l'API SSR 🤔 Donc soit on mentionne ça partout, soit à un endroit + logique (Introduction, Pre-rendered custom elements, qqch de global quoi), soit on estime que c'est des évidences et on ne les mentionne pas. (je vote pour la 3)

```suggestion
```
